add docs for format: sql unit testing (#5281)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/unit-tests.md

```
</file>

The previous example defines the mock data using the inline `dict` format, but you can also use `csv` or `sql` either inline or in a separate fixture file. 

> When using the `dict` or `csv` format, you only have to define the mock data for the columns you care about. This enables you to write succinct and _specific_ unit tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the `dict` or `csv` format, you only have to define the mock data for the columns relevant to you. This enables you to write succinct and _specific_ unit tests.
```
